well howdy there internet people it's
beau again
so today we're going to talk about uh
standardized responses
responses that you hear anytime
something comes up in
political discussion it happens a lot
we're going to take one as an example
because it just happened to me and until
tonight i didn't know that this was a
standard response
i got a message in response to my last
video where i talked about uniting
behind principles rather than parties or
personalities
and there's a long tirade about
what he thinks my principles are and a
whole lot of let me tell you about you
type of thing
in relevant part it says
you've talked about housing as a human
right in universal health care
and ending hunger you know where you can
get those things
do you know where those things are
guaranteed
prison or slavery
okay i mean sure kinda
i mean i guess that in a prison you are
guaranteed shelter
and food and some form of health care
you can get those things there fact you
know what you can
also get there an orange jumpsuit
but i'm pretty sure i could get an
orange jumpsuit outside of prison as
well
that's probably true for these other
things there may be
another subculture
that gets all of these things i don't
know the military for example
they have food security they have health
care they have housing
why it's for very different reasons
in the military they provide this stuff
because it allows the soldier to focus
on
the mission it makes them more
productive it makes them more effective
imagine if all of society was more
productive and more effective
wouldn't that be great if they were
committed to the mission of i don't know
making the world a better place might be
a better world
the funny part about this is that
the argument that is made the standard
response
proves that it is a right people in
prison
are those who society has deemed
worthy of throwing in a cage
and stripping away most of their rights
yet they get shelter
they get food they get health care of
some sort
because it is a human right because it's
something that's required to live
the fact that prisoners get it and the
average person out
in free society doesn't
may not say what you think it says the
reality
is we don't want to provide these things
as a society as a country because
our bettors want the warning there
if you don't do what you're told if you
don't toe the line
if you don't go to work engage in the
financial transactions that they suggest
if you want to quit because the working
conditions are unsafe or because your
boss is harassing you
well you better give it a second thought
you better just do what you're told
because you may end up hungry or out in
the street
seems awfully coercive to me
but that is how our society functions
the carrot
is that you may be that one in a million
shot
that makes it the stick
is uh the fact that you may end up
one of those that everybody looks down
at
who says that they don't deserve
basic human rights that are so necessary
they're provided to people in prison
this is not a good standard response
it would be great if we stopped focusing
on motivations
that were handed to us
we weren't there when these rules were
made
society in the world at large has
changed a whole lot
maybe the way we look at things should
change
too maybe
we should be focused on building that
society where people do have a mission
where we are united behind an idea or
principle
and that that mission is making this a
better place
for everyone not just making sure our
bettors
stay in power
anyway it's just a thought y'all have a
good night